Fix typo (boostrapper -> bootstrapper) (#931)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/building/windows.md

| Installation Method                                | Requires Internet Connection? | Additional Installer Size | Notes                                                                                                  |
| :------------------------------------------------- | :---------------------------- | :------------------------ | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [`downloadedBootstrapper`](#downloaded-bootstrapper) | Yes                           | 0MB                       | `Default` <br /> Results in a smaller installer size, but is not recommended for Windows 7 deployment. |
> | [`embeddedBootstrapper`](#embedded-bootstrapper)    | Yes                           | ~1.8MB                    | Better support on Windows 7.                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`downloadBootstrapper`](#downloaded-bootstrapper) | Yes                           | 0MB                       | `Default` <br /> Results in a smaller installer size, but is not recommended for Windows 7 deployment. |
| [`embedBootstrapper`](#embedded-bootstrapper)    | Yes                           | ~1.8MB                    | Better support on Windows 7.                                                                           |
```

    "bundle": {
      "windows": {
        "webviewInstallMode": {

>           "type": "downloadedBootstrapper"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          "type": "downloadBootstrapper"
```
